let's look at function template here I am writing one function for finding the maximum of two integers.
So I'm calling the function name as maxim and I will send two arguments A and integer B.
Now in this one just say return a
greater than B then return A.
Otherwise return B.
So using turnery operator, conditional operator I have written this code this is finding the maximum of two
integers.
Now one more function I want that is float.
Maxim same name but defining maximum of 2 floats, float a and float b.
And here also I have to write down the same logic return A>B then return A.
Otherwise return B.
So I have two overloaded functions just logic is same number of parameters are the same but the type
of parameters are different.
Instead of writing these two functions separately I can write a single template function which will
work for both and also for other data types.
So let us define a template function, template class T.
You can give any name not just T for template so that that can be easily identified so that we
use T.
Now what is the name of a function Maxim.
And what is the return type of a function, it is integer in case of int and it is float in case of float
number.
So it should be a generic one.
So let us take as take it as T Maxim and here what are the parameters.
It may be in int or float  or double, any thing so let us call them as a T A and T B, now let us write down
the function.
Here I will write on the same logic.
return A is greater than B than return A.
Otherwise return B.
Now I don't need these two functions.
This function will work as these two different functions.
I'm not getting error that redefinition of a function because already int and float I have defined so
this will be acting as a double long car for all other data types but if I remove these definitions
also now that will function will act as integer and flow type also.
So let us see.
By calling this function cout maxim pass 12, 14 and endl.
So this function should be called by passing integers.
Now cout maxim.
2.3,  1.4
and endl. yeah I am able to call the same function by passing int also.
And by passing float also just one minute these are not flaws by default These are doubles.
So yes this became doubles these became doubles.
So if I want to pass float only then I should write float literal.
So that is 2.3 f, 5.6 f.
Now these are floats, this will work perfectly. yea see this  function is working perfectly for all three types of
parameters weather they are integers or doubles or floats see fourteen point three and five point six is
working perfectly.
So this is how we can write generic functions or function templates we call them as.
Now one more interesting thing I will show you here that instead of 5.6 F I'll just remove f.
See it's an error.
No matching function for call to Maxim. why,
What is the reason.
See this is a template T.
And both these are T only, when I have given one parameter as float and one parameter as double then
is unable to judge which data type should be selected.
So it's causing ambiguity so it's unable to decide the datatype.
So that's why it's called giving a message that no matching function call for Maxim.
So both these arguments must be same because there is only one template argument that we're using T
and T is used through out this function.
So it's used here also and is used here also.
It is ame T so if this is giving a datatype to that T as integer then this must also be an integer.
If I make it double or float then here also I will get an error.
There is no such function.
Just having one is int, other one is double this function both the data types are same, so be careful with
this one.
Anyway it is a syntax error.
It will not.
It's not a big problem.
So I have given the same argument.
So that's it.
It's working perfectly.
So this how we can define template functions.
I'll give you some challenges on this one.
So you solve those problems and you can practice this one by yourself.